Started by upstream project "[8mha:////4A+bQWpgGeLrf62Kvp9R0kchXAV8l6qMSbpRKFffssHgAAAAnR+LCAAAAAAAAP9b85aBtbiIQTGjNKU4P08vOT+vOD8nVc83PyU1x6OyILUoJzMv2y+/JJUBAhiZGBgqihhk0NSjKDWzXb3RdlLBUSYGJk8GtpzUvPSSDB8G5tKinBIGIZ+sxLJE/ZzEvHT94JKizLx0a6BxUmjGOUNodHsLgAzuEgZB/az8JP2UxJJE3aLSvLzUIn0A55yqqsYAAAA=[0mdata-runner" build number [8mha:////4HYnbOK2yJKrYvu9FlmWXzfcrajHsRWmAAd3a/DPgB9AAAAAnB+LCAAAAAAAAP9b85aBtbiIQTGjNKU4P08vOT+vOD8nVc83PyU1x6OyILUoJzMv2y+/JJUBAhiZGBgqihhk0NSjKDWzXb3RdlLBUSYGJk8GtpzUvPSSDB8G5tKinBIGIZ+sxLJE/ZzEvHT94JKizLx0a6BxUmjGOUNodHsLQAygGfpZ+Un6KYklibpFpXl5qUX6ZgB6zjkXxwAAAA==[0m6
originally caused by:
 Started by user [8mha:////4AvbKtqCpWGC4/9vlaAOyQD+y56HOfLOpPpkD7K9YRsAAAAAlx+LCAAAAAAAAP9b85aBtbiIQTGjNKU4P08vOT+vOD8nVc83PyU1x6OyILUoJzMv2y+/JJUBAhiZGBgqihhk0NSjKDWzXb3RdlLBUSYGJk8GtpzUvPSSDB8G5tKinBIGIZ+sxLJE/ZzEvHT94JKizLx0a6BxUmjGOUNodHsLgAzWEgZu/dLi1CL9xJTczDwAj6GcLcAAAAA=[0madmin
Running as SYSTEM
Building in workspace /var/root/.jenkins/workspace/data-shige
using credential root
 > git rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree # timeout=10
Fetching changes from the remote Git repository
 > git config remote.origin.url git@github.com:kirinisland/datapipe.git # timeout=10
Fetching upstream changes from git@github.com:kirinisland/datapipe.git
 > git --version # timeout=10
using GIT_SSH to set credentials 
 > git fetch --tags --force --progress -- git@github.com:kirinisland/datapipe.git +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/* # timeout=10
 > git rev-parse refs/remotes/origin/master^{commit} # timeout=10
 > git rev-parse refs/remotes/origin/origin/master^{commit} # timeout=10
Checking out Revision 8862dc0b93faeb24f71cee4ff5c950ac2bc56c56 (refs/remotes/origin/master)
 > git config core.sparsecheckout # timeout=10
 > git checkout -f 8862dc0b93faeb24f71cee4ff5c950ac2bc56c56 # timeout=10
Commit message: "update log"
 > git rev-list --no-walk 56997688560722f63962e030a08e6f48e6d3bbc8 # timeout=10
[data-shige] $ /bin/sh -xe /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n0000000000000/T/jenkins2816257860372068222.sh
+ set -x
+ date_str=
+ '[' '' = '' ']'
++ date +%Y%m%d
+ date_str=20210418
+ output_dir=/Users/hongliang/media/storage/production_data/original_lyric/20210418
+ mkdir -pv /Users/hongliang/media/storage/production_data/original_lyric/20210418
++ date +%Y%m%d
+ date_str=20210418
+ echo 20210418
20210418
+ echo

+ python3 runner_shige.py
process huangxiaoming.htm
process haizi.htm
process guandangsheng.htm
process chuanmei.htm
process yupingbo.htm
process zhangping.htm
process cheqianzi.htm
process lintong.htm
process hudong.htm
process aiqing.htm
process ruofeng.htm
process mafei.htm
process xuyong.htm
process xiaochen.htm
process jiandan.htm
process pengguoliang.htm
process hefangzi.htm
process jiangtao.htm
process zhiwen.htm
process fangsi.htm
process songwei.htm
process zhaiyongming.htm
process ouyangbeifang.htm
process axiang.htm
process chenyu.htm
process chenhuifang.htm
process lvyuan.htm
process wangxiaoni.htm
process afei.htm
process shizhi.htm
process maimang.htm
process kuangguotai.htm
process liuliuliu.htm
process cailishuang.htm
process nanxing.htm
process shenhaobo.htm
process jiuge.htm
process hezhisan.htm
process liudongling.htm
process rongzi.htm
process zhuzhu.htm
process zhangjinbu.htm
process liuzhanqiu.htm
process tianqiao.htm
process lingeng.htm
process renzhi.htm
process wanglianghe.htm
process xujiang.htm
process huanglihai.htm
process yanying.htm
process linbeizi.htm
process chenanan.htm
process hugangyi.htm
process pengyanjiao.htm
process yekuangzheng.htm
process wenxiaocun.htm
process zoudifan.htm
process louhe.htm
process shenyinmo.htm
process tengyun.htm
process beiling.htm
process liyuansheng.htm
process liying.htm
process tangdanhong.htm
process zhangxiaoyun.htm
process hanguoqiang.htm
process hangyuehe.htm
process luye.htm
process mayongbo.htm
process duoduo.htm
process luopai.htm
process nanmanyu.htm
process zhangqi.htm
process jianghe.htm
process yiqun.htm
process tangxin.htm
process liubannong.htm
process baihelin.htm
process shenrui.htm
process liguangtian.htm
process zhongming.htm
process lvdi.htm
process xiaqing.htm
process daxian.htm
process fanxiang.htm
process shizhecun.htm
process kongfu.htm
process xiaohai.htm
process dugu.htm
process linling.htm
process wangmingyun.htm
process xiaojun.htm
process luoxi.htm
process weibo.htm
process moxiaoxie.htm
process yezhou.htm
process liyawei.htm
process yuhuaiyu.htm
process heqifang.htm
process linan.htm
process ajian.htm
process wangqijiang.htm
process huangguobin.htm
process liuliyun.htm
process momo.htm
process mofei.htm
process tianxiaoqing.htm
process xubojian.htm
process jiangfeng.htm
process zhangxiaojing.htm
process zhuxiang.htm
process maisui.htm
process musi.htm
process xuanyuanshike.htm
process chenxianfa.htm
process chenkehua.htm
process ajiu.htm
process xiaoan.htm
process songlin.htm
process panmohua.htm
process renhongyuan.htm
process yangxiaobin.htm
process songyinghao.htm
process baihua.htm
process hushi.htm
process yuxiaowei.htm
process gongzhe.htm
process gemai.htm
process wangduqing.htm
process zhangxianghua.htm
process zhengchouyu.htm
process chunshu.htm
process masong.htm
process heidachun.htm
process fanghan.htm
process zhaolihua.htm
process pangqingming.htm
process qingping.htm
process wangshunjian.htm
process yanli.htm
process guomoruo.htm
process bingxin.htm
process liuyadao.htm
process liumengwei.htm
process tangchengwei.htm
process zhaoye.htm
process zhouzuoren.htm
process jiche.htm
process mafenghua.htm
process lishasha.htm
process tangyangzong.htm
process taochun.htm
process shaoyanxiang.htm
process liminyong.htm
process guhe.htm
process liuchun.htm
process luoyihe.htm
process mengyifei.htm
process tanyantong.htm
process linhengtai.htm
process tanzihao.htm
process liaoweitang.htm
process dingdang.htm
process zhouweichi.htm
process zangdi.htm
process xuchi.htm
process huangcanran.htm
process houma.htm
process wuxinyu.htm
process xiaoyin.htm
process tangbuyu.htm
process chenxiuxi.htm
process zhuangzongwei.htm
process yangzonghan.htm
process qiaodamo.htm
process lvye.htm
process zhangzao.htm
process shuijingzhulian.htm
process wuang.htm
process zongbaihua.htm
process haishang.htm
process wenzi.htm
process yisha.htm
process xiaoxiaofengzi.htm
process yugengyu.htm
process index.htm
process fumahuo.htm
process zhangye.htm
process yuzhenzhi.htm
process liudabai.htm
process handong.htm
process wangguozhen.htm
process yeyulin.htm
process keping.htm
process xiaoxiao.htm
process yunu.htm
process guoxiaochuan.htm
process zhuwen.htm
process hengping.htm
process muqing.htm
process tongwei.htm
process malan.htm
process tengtong.htm
process kangcheng.htm
process linhuiyin.htm
process jianfeng.htm
process yanshang.htm
process yingxiuren.htm
process huangfan.htm
process liangxiaoming.htm
process zhengdanyi.htm
process yuguangzhong.htm
process liuligan.htm
process zeying.htm
process sunlei.htm
process changyao.htm
process sunwenbo.htm
process yeyanbin.htm
process duosi.htm
process lusu.htm
process yanxi.htm
process yangli.htm
process zhuziqing.htm
process hanbo.htm
process yeweilian.htm
process along.htm
process chenyunhu.htm
process nandu.htm
process xuyunuo.htm
process jianghao.htm
process liangzongdai.htm
process linmang.htm
process lingyi.htm
process zhangcuo.htm
process lixianping.htm
process xiehuali.htm
process fengwenbing.htm
process xuedi.htm
process chenjingrong.htm
process gaoxiaotao.htm
process kangbaiqing.htm
process hexiaozhu.htm
process jiangyuqing.htm
process yangtuo.htm
process bg.gif
process lengshuang.htm
process lvdean.htm
process pangpei.htm
process zhoulunyou.htm
process suqian.htm
process xiayu.htm
process liuweixiong.htm
process xiaokaiyu.htm
process mahua.htm
process laodao.htm
process liwei.htm
process huanghaifeng.htm
process gongliu.htm
process luxixi.htm
process luofu.htm
process muye.htm
process yilei.htm
process tangqi.htm
process dahuang.htm
process qionghong.htm
process xichuan.htm
process yinlonglong.htm
process fengnaichao.htm
process fanglingru.htm
process xuzhimo.htm
process muhua.htm
process sundayu.htm
process huangshazi.htm
process tiemei.htm
process wuqing.htm
process weiming.htm
process yangjian.htm
process caoshuying.htm
process raomengkan.htm
process jiawei.htm
process yangzi.htm
process baiqiu.htm
process zhongdingwen.htm
process wangtongzhao.htm
process senzi.htm
process nanren.htm
process yangmu.htm
process chendongdong.htm
process xindi.htm
process dengshihong.htm
process haixiao.htm
process limingpeng.htm
process caiqijiao.htm
process lisen.htm
process shiyang.htm
process qizi.htm
process yangping.htm
process wangai.htm
process xiangming.htm
process pumin.htm
process muduo.htm
process beicun.htm
process wenyiduo.htm
process liaoyiwu.htm
process zhangyansong.htm
process naye.htm
process yutian.htm
process weifenghua.htm
process fengzhi.htm
process xiexiangnan.htm
process foshou.htm
process shanshangshi.htm
process ouyangjianghe.htm
process yangyang.htm
process huxudong.htm
process yuxinjiao.htm
process wangjingzhi.htm
process nuoran.htm
process luweiping.htm
process juner.htm
process qiguo.htm
process luyimin.htm
process feisha.htm
process dache.htm
process xiyabing.htm
process shenqi.htm
process shaoxunmei.htm
process mudan.htm
process aodi.htm
process leizi.htm
process zhangzhimin.htm
process genzi.htm
process yixing.htm
process yuluosheng.htm
process lingyu.htm
process jingbute.htm
process songxiaoxian.htm
process dinghong.htm
process kelaier.htm
process wenqiu.htm
process wangfeng.htm
process tangguo.htm
process zhouzan.htm
process linxue.htm
process yaxian.htm
process yanwo.htm
process songqu.htm
process lvzonglin.htm
process sundamei.htm
process jiangzi.htm
process wenbingran.htm
process pengkailei.htm
process zhangzhen.htm
process liuwenxuan.htm
process luomen.htm
process niubo.htm
process lanma.htm
process weicongwu.htm
process yinfu.htm
process shenfang.htm
process tangshi.htm
process lixiaojun.htm
process liuzili.htm
process fengzhao.htm
process lanye.htm
process xieyixing.htm
process zhufengming.htm
process zhangmo.htm
process hangaoqi.htm
process zhangshuguang.htm
process huangxiang.htm
process tianjian.htm
process zhongling.htm
process daiwangshu.htm
process yelin.htm
process fuxuhua.htm
process tangzhaohui.htm
process liangping.htm
process bailianchun.htm
process wangyin.htm
process duyunxie.htm
process jiangdi.htm
process shipin.htm
process dugujiu.htm
process zangkejia.htm
process chendejin.htm
process guomilin.htm
process mangke.htm
process bianzhilin.htm
process zhangzhi.htm
process shucai.htm
process jixian.htm
process zhougongdu.htm
process futianlin.htm
process yujian.htm
process yanghuan.htm
process xinyu.htm
process liangxiaobin.htm
process xidu.htm
process lijinfa.htm
process taoli.htm
process sujinsan.htm
process guozhijie.htm
process motoubeibei.htm
process daohui.htm
process linmu.htm
process yanglingye.htm
process xijunqiu.htm
process lishijiang.htm
process zengzhuo.htm
process duohai.htm
process bailing.htm
process liyuanzhen.htm
process linzi.htm
process dumalan.htm
process lanlan.htm
process shimaosheng.htm
process ziwei.htm
process gucheng.htm
process guma.htm
process beidao.htm
process yanglian.htm
process shu.htm
process xiangzi.htm
process tangyaping.htm
process chenmengjia.htm
process luxun.htm
process yamo.htm
process wangzhen.htm
process shengxing.htm
process mucao.htm
process mumutian.htm
process liuchuan.htm
process shuting.htm
process suxiaoqi.htm
process mace.htm
process hukuan.htm
process caitianxin.htm
process niuhan.htm
process nanye.htm
process wangyuzhi.htm
process ailong.htm
process songfei.htm
process hainan.htm
process shangqin.htm
process yilu.htm
process zengmeng.htm
process tuao.htm
process tanwuchang.htm
process shiguanghua.htm
process hanyan.htm
process yaozhenhan.htm
process wanxia.htm
process shaoye.htm
process geshi.htm
process xiaoshui.htm
process zhanghaifeng.htm
process liuyanling.htm
process zhanger.htm
process chengwei.htm
process luli.htm
process sushaolian.htm
process shenwei.htm
process luojiyi.htm
process kanglin.htm
process yuankejia.htm
process pidan.htm
process qingxingxiao.htm
process yang.htm
process ainong.htm
process xiaohuang.htm
process likuixian.htm
process tangjuan.htm
process feima.htm
process hongying.htm
process songxiaojie.htm
process zhoumengdie.htm
process tianle.htm
process liuzeqiu.htm
process yangke.htm
process yangyuanhong.htm
process xiaoyun.htm
process hufeng.htm
process qiuyong.htm
process duoyu.htm
process yuancun.htm
process tuan.htm
process guanguan.htm
process laocao.htm
process linjiabo.htm
process lvyue.htm
process lihongqi.htm
process menglang.htm
process guangweiran.htm
process yanrong.htm
process zhengwenbin.htm
process guyu.htm
process zhengmin.htm
process niuhuixiang.htm
process sangke.htm
process lanjiao.htm
process wangjiaxin.htm
process liushahe.htm
process zhangminhua.htm
process yinlichuan.htm
process luqin.htm
process xiongshengrong.htm
process mengran.htm
process fengxuefeng.htm
process jianning.htm
process ximurong.htm
process sanzi.htm
process wangzuoliang.htm
process fangweide.htm
process qinbazi.htm
process moyu.htm
process anqi.htm
process libaifeng.htm
process jinkemu.htm
process zhongdao.htm
process wuchenjun.htm
+ mv /var/root/.jenkins/workspace/data-shige/shige.txt /Users/hongliang/media/storage/production_data/original_lyric/20210418
Finished: SUCCESS
